com/teslasoft/jarvis/vip/VipPurchaseActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.vip.VipPurchaseActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/SmartCardService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardService
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardService$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardService$1$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/Base64DecoderException.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.Base64DecoderException
android/widget/SmartToast.java
 android.widget.SmartToast
 android.widget.SmartToast$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/PreferenceObfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.PreferenceObfuscator
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/SettingsActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.SettingsActivity
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.SettingsActivity$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/crashreport/Report.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.crashreport.Report
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.crashreport.Report$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.crashreport.Report$2
android/security/BiometricAuthenticator.java
 android.security.BiometricAuthenticator
com/teslasoft/jarvis/crashreport/Detail.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.crashreport.Detail
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/SyncProvider.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.SyncProvider
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/LoadActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.LoadActivity
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.LoadActivity$1
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.LoadActivity$1$1
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/AdminReceiver.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.AdminReceiver
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/DataProtectorService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.DataProtectorService
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.DataProtectorService$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.DataProtectorService$2
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/InitService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.InitService
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.InitService$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.InitService$1$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/NotificationStatService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.NotificationStatService
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.NotificationStatService$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.NotificationStatService$2
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/SyncAdapter.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.SyncAdapter
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/AccountService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountService
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/BootCompletedReceiver.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.BootCompletedReceiver
net/jarvis/engine/TaskCdhActivity.java
 net.jarvis.engine.TaskCdhActivity
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/RateActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.RateActivity
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ResponseData.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ResponseData
com/teslasoft/jarvis/AppDetail.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.AppDetail
com/teslasoft/jarvis/easter/JarvisPlatLogo.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$1$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$1$1$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$2
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$3
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$4
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.JarvisPlatLogo$5
com/android/vending/licensing/ILicenseResultListener.java
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener$Default
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener$Stub
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicenseResultListener$Stub$Proxy
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/AutoRunService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunService
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunService$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/AppsList.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.AppsList
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.AppsList$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.AppsList$2
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/CrashHandler.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.CrashHandler
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.CrashHandler$1
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseChecker.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener$1
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseChecker$ResultListener$2
android/security/ProtectActivity.java
 android.security.ProtectActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/easter/EasterEgg.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg$1$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg$2
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg$3
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.easter.EasterEgg$4
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/WebActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.WebActivity
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.WebActivity$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/EmulatedBoot.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.EmulatedBoot
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.EmulatedBoot$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.EmulatedBoot$2
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/EmulatedBootReceiver.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.EmulatedBootReceiver
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/AccountPickerActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountPickerActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountPickerActivity$AccountAdapter
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountPickerActivity$AccountAdapter$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountPickerActivity$AccountAdapter$ViewHolder
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/CustomAuthenticator.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.CustomAuthenticator
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/Base64.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.Base64
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/UserModel.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.UserModel
com/google/android/vending/licensing/DeviceLimiter.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.DeviceLimiter
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/LicenceCheckService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.LicenceCheckService
com/teslasoft/jarvis/CoreActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.CoreActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.CoreActivity$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/AuthActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AuthActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AuthActivity$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AuthActivity$DownloadAccountInfo
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/ErrorServiceActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ErrorServiceActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/licence/PiracyCheckActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$2
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$3
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$4
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$5
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$6
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.PiracyCheckActivity$PiracyCheckerCallback
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/AccountSettings.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AccountSettings
com/google/android/vending/licensing/StrictPolicy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.StrictPolicy
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/AutoRunActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunActivity$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunActivity$2
android/security/BiometricAuthenticatorCallback.java
 android.security.BiometricAuthenticatorCallback
 android.security.BiometricAuthenticatorCallback$1
 android.security.BiometricAuthenticatorCallback$2
 android.security.BiometricAuthenticatorCallback$3
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/VerifyAccountActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.VerifyAccountActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.VerifyAccountActivity$DownloadAccountInfo
com/google/android/vending/licensing/Obfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.Obfuscator
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/SmartCardLoader.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardLoader
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardLoader$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardLoader$1$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.SmartCardLoader$1$2
com/google/android/vending/licensing/NullDeviceLimiter.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.NullDeviceLimiter
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/AutoRunForegroundService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.AutoRunForegroundService
android/security/FingerprintHandler.java
 android.security.FingerprintHandler
com/teslasoft/jarvis/WarningActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.WarningActivity
com/google/android/vending/licensing/util/URIQueryDecoder.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.util.URIQueryDecoder
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/BuildConfig.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.BuildConfig
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/NotificationService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.NotificationService
com/teslasoft/jarvis/Jarvis.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.Jarvis
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.Jarvis$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.Jarvis$1$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.Jarvis$2
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.Jarvis$3
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/AppsActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.AppsActivity
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseCheckerCallback.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseCheckerCallback
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ValidationException.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ValidationException
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/SecretSettings.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.SecretSettings
com/google/android/vending/licensing/ServerManagedPolicy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.ServerManagedPolicy
com/google/android/vending/licensing/Policy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.Policy
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/NotificationActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.NotificationActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/ServicesActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ServicesActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ServicesActivity$1
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ServicesActivity$2
com/google/android/vending/licensing/LicenseValidator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.LicenseValidator
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/ServiceSettingActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ServiceSettingActivity
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.ServiceSettingActivity$1
com/teslasoft/jarvis/crashreport/BugReport.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.crashreport.BugReport
com/android/vending/licensing/ILicensingService.java
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService$Default
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService$Stub
 com.android.vending.licensing.ILicensingService$Stub$Proxy
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/SyncService.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.SyncService
com/google/android/vending/licensing/AESObfuscator.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.AESObfuscator
com/teslasoft/jarvis/vip/VipActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.vip.VipActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/DialogUIShadowActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.DialogUIShadowActivity
com/teslasoft/libraries/support/InitActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.libraries.support.InitActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/core/RestartServiceReceiver.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.core.RestartServiceReceiver
com/teslasoft/jarvis/JarvisMessages.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.JarvisMessages
com/google/android/vending/licensing/APKExpansionPolicy.java
 com.google.android.vending.licensing.APKExpansionPolicy
com/teslasoft/jarvis/licence/ApplicationHealthActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.licence.ApplicationHealthActivity
com/teslasoft/jarvis/auth/AuthEntryActivity.java
 com.teslasoft.jarvis.auth.AuthEntryActivity
